prep release: v1.61.8 (#7710)
apollographql/router: CHANGELOG.md

Since this [PR](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7141) we added more checks on graphql response returned by coprocessors to be compliant with GraphQL specs. When it's a subscription using websocket it was not returning any data and so was not a correct GraphQL response payload. This is a fix to always return valid GraphQL response when doing the websocket handshake.

By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7680

### Spans should only include path in `http.route` ([PR #7405](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7390))

Per the [OpenTelemetry spec](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/attributes-registry/http/#http-route), the `http.route` should only include "the matched route, that is, the path template used in the format used by the respective server framework."

The router currently sends the full URI in `http.route`, which can be high cardinality (ie `/graphql?operation=one_of_many_values`). After this change, the router will only include the path (`/graphql`).

By [@carodewig](https://github.com/carodewig) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7405

> ### Add graphql.operation.name label to apollo.router.opened.subscriptions counter ([PR #7606](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7606))
> 
> `apollo.router.opened.subscriptions` metric contains `graphql.operation.name` label to know exactly which subscription is still opened.
> 
> By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7606

Reviewer: Do we refer to this `graphql.operation.name` as a "label", generally?  Or do we refer to it as an "attribute"?  Also, does this fall into the category of "Debuggability" that we've been using on the 1.x line rather than "Fixes"?

Here's my total suggestion:

```suggestion
## 🔍 Debuggability

### Add `graphql.operation.name` label to `apollo.router.opened.subscriptions` counter ([PR #7606](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7606))

The `apollo.router.opened.subscriptions` metric has an `graphql.operation.name` attribute applied to identify the named operation of subscriptions which are still open.

By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/7606
```
